Welcome to the podcast from Perdido Main Methodist Church.
My name is Dudley. Today is Monday, February 16th.
We're in Matthew fourteen today.
This chapter covers a lot of ground.
It begins with the death of John the Baptist.
Jesus and the disciples.
Or trying to withdraw to a quiet place.
And when they attempt to get away,
The crowds follow Jesus.
And he has compassion on them even in his sorrow.
He he has compassion his heart goes out to them and he begins to heal them
And once he's been with the people and encouraged them and healed them, he's
The disciples say,
Let's send them away so that they can go somewhere and eat.
We don't have any food out here.
But Jesus,
It tells the disciples,
You feed the people.
And you know what?
Through Jesus's power, they do.
Feed the people, he multiplies the food. They carry the food around to minister to the people.
This helps to remember that apart from Jesus,
Uh, we won't feed anyone, but with him, uh,
We can see the multitudes fed and encouraged.
Here we see Jesus' compassion.
Really caring for people, really loving people, and that's the motivation for doing ministry.
It's not because we have some duty or or we feel obligated, but it's because of love.
May God continue to develop our compassion.
And strengthen and anoint us to make a difference.
Now here's a powerful point.
When Jesus is going to do something through us,
Lack is not a problem.
It may look like we don't have enough.
But he is going to bring through.
The miracle that he is trying to accomplish.
And he's going to do it through you and through me.
No matter
But what? No matter how many, Jesus is able to multiply them.
That's not a problem.
He never once said, "I'm worried too."
He just said, Make preparations. I'm going to do something.
Thank you.
When we have nothing,
We have everything.
In Jesus.
The next thing that happens is that Jesus puts the disciples in a boat and then he goes to prayer.
Later, he comes to them.
Walking on the water in the middle of a great storm.
And here I wanted to say that Jesus comes to us.
In our storms.
And he comes walking on the very things that we are afraid of.
And here's something interesting. He enables us.
to walk on those waves too when our eyes are on him when our faith is in him
We...
Walk on
Our fears and our storms.
Jesus calms the storm and
And then they reached the other side.
And Jesus heals people again.
He goes from making.
A huge impact.
To making a huge impact, to making a huge impact.
And in the middle of that,
He is in prayer.
And he's
Walking on the water and he's helping the disciples to do
The things that he will be doing that makes a difference for others.
What Jesus is doing in the natural.
It is simply a picture of what he's doing in the spiritual world.
Many were healed in the physical, but Jesus is healing people spiritually.
So here's our assignment.
Simply come to him
Simply keep our eyes
On him and learn from him and realize that he is working in and through us.
2021 in the sunny day.
Show up.
100% in times of hunger.
Show up in times of need.
We are to show up. We are to be near him.
And when you're in the storm, realize that Jesus is over that storm and that he is on the way.
And through his power.
We will walk on the waves, too.
Sit with others at Jesus' feet.
Let your faith be encouraged by Jesus' teaching.
Follow him.
Look to him in all the circumstances of your life.
Worship him
Ask him for transformation.
And when he is multiplying
Jump in and help serve the people.
Realize that what's going on in the natural?
Is much,
deeper.
When we see it in the supernatural.
We are here for eternity.
We start in the natural, but we will end up.
With him.
in eternity.
It's like what we read in John 14.
Do not let your hearts be troubled.
You believe in God.
Believe also in me.
My father's house has many rooms. If that were not so,
Would I have told you that I'm going there to prepare a place for you?
And if I go and prepare a place for you,
I will come back and take you to be with me.
That you...
Also,
Maybe where I am.
Have a blessed day.